hey guys its brightly back with the
review grand theft auto chinatown wars
for the iphone and ipod touch it was
released on monday the 18th of january
so i'm bringing you a review here after
couple of days of play in the game as
well as some thoughts from the versions
on the PSP and the nintendo DS chinatown
Wars follows the story of a Chinese
immigrant who constantly BTC after his
father dies trying to avenge his death
against the ones who betrayed him he
soon becomes aware of the ongoing gang
war in Liberty City as he tries to help
his uncle become the boss of the new
gang as well as some other friends and
important characters in the game what
starts off with a small delivery of a
family heirloom which is a sword soon
becomes a race against the city we're
trying to avenge your father's death
while trying to find the sword the
missions are much like any other GTA
game that you may have paid before
you'll see an email or an item on your
GPS go to that location to start your
mission the cutscenes in chinatown wars
aren't as good as other GTA titles
there's no voice acting and it's all
picture and tech space but it is made up
for with some good one-liners and humor
thrown in there too to skip a cutscene
you can either tap the screen to move
the text along faster or hold it down to
skip completely along with the storyline
mission to also find loads of extras
such as vigilante missions challenges as
well as collectibles such as imported
cars and weapons now at first glance the
controls on the iPhone may seem quite
hard and difficult to get used to you
because it's a touchscreen when you're
on foot you always have to use the
analog stick to move forward back left
and right but when you're in a car you
can choose between the analog sticks or
two arrows to steer your car many other
games that have tried this don't go up
to accurately this has been quite good
and the sensitivity of driving is quite
good as well that said there are couple
of issues here as you only have two
funds to play with for instance you
can't steer accelerate and shoot at the
same time you have to take your phone
off one and change another now there are
no main differences to the storyline
compared to the DSM the PSP version
although there do seem to be some
missions aren't in this game the only
really different thing that can be found
is the user interface which is actually
really really good the main
communications in chinatown wars are
done over email which can be accessed
for a little icon in the top left corner
now the menu sir oh really sleek they
load quite fast and an easy to navigate
there's some features that even I don't
assume the iphone such as sliding your
finger across the screen to go back to
the inbox or back to your main menu
which works really well now we have the
Baron
is that the iphone is a mobile phone and
the ipod touch isn't just a gaming
platform it's an mp3 player which macys
a graphic even more impressive now I
would definitely say that these graphics
are better than the DS version or that
doesn't have as much 3d shading acid ES
version all the rappers are really
impressive vibrant and clear which
definitely shows some advancements in
what the iphone can do and I look
forward to seeing more from the GTA
series and as I said before there's no
voice acting in the game except for
please which does make the game less
realistic but it's still fun you get
your usual radio stations which you can
change in the pause menu and then
automatically assigned to the type of
quality of driving so if it's a
classical car you'll be listening to
classical music it is an imported car it
might be more urban music as to replay
value if you haven't vs all the PSP
version of the game I wouldn't say it's
worth buying just because most emissions
of this thing that said some of the
controls in the game I'm really really
cool and there's something that you
could only do in our touch screen like
this so if you do have an iphone and
ipod touch you're looking for a new game
gk might be good even if you paid it
before the only issue that i really had
with this game is it doesn't make use of
the iphone or ipod touches hardware now
as a gaming platform it does have a lot
to offer us such as accelerometer but
there's pretty much nothing in the game
that uses that it would have been nice
to have the option to switch between
analog stick or accelerometer when
you're driving in car although it's not
the best and sensitivity can be an issue
there it's nice have the option just you
can give it a try now GTA chinatown wars
is priced at five ninety nine or nine
dollars 99 cents if you're in the US
some people may say that's quite a lot
to pay for an iphone game but we had to
think about some of the console versions
go for between 20 and 30 pounds and this
is 46 pounds you get the full game on a
handheld platform that you can take
anywhere with you it's definitely worth
the price as well as that compared to
some other games you get a lot more
playtime with this game even you play
the game for a couple of hours a day it
will still lasts a long time so it's
definitely worth five nights now overall
this is a great game and a great
addition to the GTA series although it's
based on a story that's already been
released it's definitely a good addition
to the iphone and ipod touch market
there's a good story line along with
great graphics and brilliant game played
so it's definitely worth a try if i have
to give it a rating i'll probably give
an 8 out of 10 just because there's no
differences to the original version and
it would have been nice see some
accelerometer use in the game would I
recommend it definitely even if you're
not a fan of GTA and just looking for a
new game on your iPhone or your iPod
Touch is definitely worth it
and if you're a fan of the series it's a
no-brainer get this game that's all for
this review once again thanks for
watching I'll see you next time